to Gaza now where the Israeli military
has killed at least 13 Palestinians
since Dawn across the strip Israeli
forces struck a home in the AL zaa area
in central Gaza killing at least eight
people and injuring others three other
Palestinians were killed in two separate
attacks there let's go live to our
correspondent thadak Abu aom he's
joining us from De albala in central
Gaza thadak more deadly air strikes on
people's homes and Refugee and
displacement camps
yeah that's right Elizabeth that is the
reality every morning and every minute
in the strip where bombardment and air
strikes do not witness any sort of lit
up till now what we do know exactly
Elizabeth regarding the overnight
strikes is that the Israeli Army and the
fight Jets have targeted a residential
house in anat Refugee attack at refugee
camp where at least eight Palestinians
have been reported killed but
surprisingly there is a very notable
surge of Israeli attack on that very
densely populated Camp which is right
now hosting thousands of Palestinians
families in that corner of this strip
now we are talking about Amos also was
targeted in that camp at least two
Palestinians were killed another
residential flat was hit without any
casualties being reported but the Grim
reality is that we are talking about a
very dramatic surge of attacks on
evacuation centers that are run by the
United Nations and that's absolutely a
very devastating and had a br negative
impact on the safety of those civilians
they were told by the military to go
there in order to get their own safety
but what we do know from sources that at
least six schools were targeted during
the past 10 days and this this number is
unprecedented in a very particular part
of the strep since the beginning of the
conflict we're talking about dozens of
families have been right now become
Without Shelter and dozens of
Palestinians in fact have were killed
and we are talking about a blent of
injuries arrived to the al- AA Hospital
in order to get treatment resulted from
the Israeli attacks on that corner of
the strip but obviously Elizabeth it
seems that Israel is mounting more
pressure in areas where people recently
started to take as an evacuation Center
they'd like to get penit from that
within the negotiations that they are
still ongoing in K doab between Hamas
and Israel in order to reach to a
ceasefire deal but what we do know is
that the Israeli Prime Minister and also
military officials and the Israeli Army
said that if this round of negotiations
will come to an end without preaching
for a ceasefire or deal with Hamas it
means that there is going to be a more
expansion of the fighting to reach these
densely populated
areas all right thic so that's the
latest on the attacks across the trip
we're also hearing just in the last half
an hour or so that a number of
Palestinians who were held prisoner by
Israel prisoners by Israel have been
released and I hear that they've
actually been arriving at the hospital
behind you alaka Hospital in there Al
Bala what are you
seeing yeah that's quite right as you
can clearly see at the back ground the
families of those Palestinian captives
who have been released today came in
order to check on their beloved ones who
have been away from them for more than
uh 5 months some of them we really have
just spoken to they were in a very
measurable condition to due to the high
intensity of torture they were
witnessing in the Israeli jails but they
have been so uh very exhausted because
they are suffering from a very clean
malnutrition due to the very uh bad
quality of food being provided for them
in Israeli jails and we're talking about
16 Palestinian captives and prisoners
being released today only and right now
they are getting medical check inside Al
AA Hospital in order to make sure that
they are medically stable but obviously
what we do know from them is that some
of them did not know where they were in
the Israeli detention camps they do not
know the area
that they were arrested in specifically
that due to the uh wide scale aggressive
procedures being taken by the
authorities of prisons in the Israelis
territories and basically those
Palestinians are absolutely have been
exhausted and at the same time they are
trying to take more time to recover with
different signs on the hands for being
uh handc and there with the uh with
different signs also of torture on their
backs chests and evil legs due to the uh
uh very unprecedented difficult beers
that they witnessed in the Israeli JS
but uh basically this is the reality for
every single Palestinian who is getting
out from the Israeli jails they are they
have been saying that it was incredibly
a miracle for them to get out from there
alive as they are also saying that there
are still hundreds of Palestinian
prisoners and captives behind the
Israeli par are witnessing the worst
kind ever of it treatment by the Israeli
Army thuk thank you very much for that
that is thuk abaz with all the latest
live in there Al Bala in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer